Enhance "Customize the Consent Page" (#609)
wso2/docs-open-banking: en/docs/develop/customize-consent-page.md

|Change the default font|`<IS_HOME>/repository/deployment/server/webapps/ob#authenticationendpoint/fonts`|

##Customize the layout of the consent page
The consent page works with two main servlets, `OBConsentServlet` and `OBConsentConfirmServlet`.

[![customize-the-layout-of-the-consent-page](../assets/img/develop/customizing-consent-page/customize-the-layout-of-the-consent-page.png) ](../assets/img/develop/customizing-consent-page/customize-the-layout-of-the-consent-page.png)

> As shown in the above request diagram, when the initial request hits the `OBConsentServlet`, it retrieves the account selection details from the consent service by invoking the `updateRequestAttribute` and `updateSessionAttribute` methods. If you want to access new data from a custom JSP page, you can override these two methods and return the required data as a map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown in the above diagram, when the initial request hits `OBConsentServlet`, it retrieves the account selection details from the consent service by invoking the `updateRequestAttribute` and `updateSessionAttribute` methods. If you want to access new data from a custom JSP page, you can override these two methods and return the required data as a map.
```

Reviewer: Fixed in https://github.com/wso2/docs-open-banking/pull/609/commits/e8075014081c97ff08fdf52634f6b9d8a514ede5

> Once a user confirms the consent details, the request hits the `OBConsentConfirmServlet`. Then it writes the permission details to the consent service by invoking the `updateConsentData` and `updateConsentMetaData` methods. If you want to persist with new consent data, you can override these two methods and return the required data as a map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a user confirms the consent details, the request hits `OBConsentConfirmServlet`. Then it writes the permission details to the consent service by invoking the `updateConsentData` and `updateConsentMetaData` methods. If you want to persist the new consent data, you can override these two methods and return the required data as a map.
```

> An extension is provided for you to implement the JSP implementations of these servlets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An extension is provided for you to customize the JSP implementations of these servlets.
```

    JSONArray accountsArray = dataSet.getJSONArray("accounts");
    for (int accountIndex = 0; accountIndex < accountsArray.length(); accountIndex++) {
        JSONObject accountObject = accountsArray.getJSONObject(accountIndex);
        String accountId = accountObject.getString("account_id");
        String accountName = accountObject.getString("account_name");

        Map < String, String > accountData = new HashMap < > ();
        accountData.put("account_id", accountId);
        accountData.put("account_name", accountName);
        accountList.add(data);
    }
    // this account_list is accessible from the consent JSP page as a request attribute
    returnMap.put("account_list", accountList);

    return returnMap;
}
```

###updateSessionAttribute method
This method returns the data that needs to be accessed in the session of the JSP of `OBConsentServlet` as a map. You can 
retrieve data from the request, consent service response, and `resourceBundle` to create the map. Given below is the method signature:
```java
Map < String, Object > updateSessionAttribute(HttpServletRequest request,
  JSONObject dataSet, ResourceBundle resourceBundle);
```

> Sample implementation to add an unique transaction ID to session is shown below:

Reviewer: Shall we use "Id" instead of ID in all places? (not the code parts)

Reviewer 2: It should be ID isn't it?
Can you post this on the TC chat and see.

Author: Used `ID` instead of `Id`. Fixed in fcae31071b2f89c68cc634e5c31c3838aef3c852

 Map<String, Object> updateConsentData(HttpServletRequest request);
```

> Before persisting, the account IDs are encoded in base64. Sample implementation to encode the account IDs to Base64 is shown below:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you want to encode the account Ids before persisting, a sample implementation to encode the account Ids to Base64 is shown below:
```

    // these account IDs are accessible from the ConsentPersistStep implementations
    returnMap.put("account_ids", new JSONArray(encodedAccounts));

    return returnMap;
}
```

###updateConsentMetaData method 
This method returns the data that needs to be persisted as consent metadata. You can retrieve data from the request. Given below is the method signature:
```java
Map<String, String> updateConsentMetaData(HttpServletRequest request);
```
Sample implementation to add client IP and user agent details as consent metadata is shown below:

```java
@Override
public Map < String, String > updateConsentMetaData(HttpServletRequest request) {

    final String clientUserAgent = request.getHeader("USER-AGENT");
    final String clientIP = request.getRemoteAddr();

    Map < String, String > returnMap = new HashMap < > ();
    returnMap.put("client_user_agent", clientUserAgent);
    returnMap.put("client_ip", clientIP);

    return returnMap;
}
```

###getJSPPath method
This method returns the JSP that you want to show while `OBConsentServlet` is invoked. This is the JSP responsible for 

> showing account selection data and consent data to the bank customers. The information you want to pass from `updateRequestAttribute` will be eventually 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
displaying account selection data and consent data to the bank customers. The information you want to pass from `updateRequestAttribute` will be eventually 
```

> shown in this custom JSP you have implemented. Given below is the method signature:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
displayed in this custom JSP that you have implemented. Given below is the method signature:
```

Author: Fixed in e8075014081c97ff08fdf52634f6b9d8a514ede5
